Kommander 1.1.0 Release Notes (Beta 0 - RC 1) (#2965)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0-beta/release-notes/index.md

## Release Notes

<!--
Template:

### Version <VERSION> - <DATE>

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
| **Minimum**        | 1.16.0  |
| **Maximum**        | 1.16.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.16.8  |

#### Features/Improvements

- <FEATURES/IMPROVEMENTS>

#### Bug Fixes

- <FIXES>
- Lots of smaller UX Bugs and Improvements

#### Component Versions

- Addon: ``
- Chart: ``
- KCL: ``
- UI: ``
- kommander-karma: ``
- kubeaddons-catalog: ``
- kommander-thanos: ``
- grafana: ``

-->

### Version v1.1.0-rc.1 - May 29th 2020

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |

> | **Minimum**        | 1.16.0  |

Reviewer: I think we support the minimum version of 1.15.0, according to Jimmi and Dimitri we support current max n-2
```suggestion
| **Minimum**        | 1.15.0  |
```

Author: I guess this is a bit unclear… we might need to state 1.15, but it’s technically not supported by kudo, which is part of kommander. 🤷‍♂️
@jaxesn maybe? Can we drop 1.15 here or should we keep it?

Author: lets keep it as is for now…

| **Maximum**        | 1.17.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.17.3  |

#### Features/Improvements

- Added Access Control functionalities to the UI
- Added Kubekost integration to the UI
- Removed namespace suffix from projects and platform service names

> - UI now trims input values to remove leading, trailing and duplicate spaces

Reviewer: In general, do we like Oxford commas in places like this, @russurquhart1 ?

Author: hehe, I guess grammar/typos are generally a thing when I'm writing something 🤷

Reviewer 2: If i see them, then I add them!

Reviewer 3: plus one for Oxford comma!

> - UI now trims input values to remove leading, trailing and duplicate spaces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- UI now trims input values to remove leading, trailing, and duplicate spaces
```

> - Kommander now federates Prometheus operator, prometheus alert manager and karma to managed non-konvoy clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Kommander now federates Prometheus operator, prometheus alert manager, and karma to managed non-konvoy clusters.
```

> - improved aws tags to include cluster name

Reviewer: Totally a nit-picky thing, but AWS should be caps, yeah?
```suggestion
- Improved AWS tags to include cluster name
```

> - Improved AWS tags to include cluster name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved AWS tags to include cluster name.
```

> - removed old, unsupported versions from version selector in create cluster form

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed old, unsupported versions from version selector in create cluster form.
```

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed project links on projects overview page
- Lots of smaller UX Bugs and Improvements

#### Component Versions

- Addon: `1.1.0-25`
- Chart: `0.8.6`
- YaKCL: `0.0.4` (replaced KCL)
- UI: `3.90.0`
- kommander-karma: `0.3.9`
- kubeaddons-catalog: `0.1.6`
- kommander-thanos: `0.1.14`
- grafana: `4.5.1`

### Version v1.1.0-beta.3 - May 14th 2020

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
| **Minimum**        | 1.16.0  |
| **Maximum**        | 1.16.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.16.8  |

#### Features/Improvements

- Added possibility to set metadata for Workspaces
- Added a way to deploy generic KUDO services
- Added quota support for projects
- Kommander now federates logging stack to managed non-konvoy clusters

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed kubeconfig download for certain clusters/users

> - Fixed uninstallation from Kommander addon

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed uninstall from Kommander addon
```

- Improved Error messaging when trying to delete roles or groups that are used by policies
- Kommanders generated labels are now hidden in cluster overview pages
- Federate Kubekost to managed Konvoy clusters
- Improved performance for querying available versions in cluster create form.

#### Bug Fixes

- Fixed number value saving in cluster creation form
- Fixed not federating Kommander internal addons to managed clusters anymore.
- Lots of smaller UX Bugs and Improvements

#### Component Versions

- Addon: `1.1.0-5`
- Chart: `0.6.4`
- KCL: `0.5.3`
- UI: `3.25.5`
- kommander-karma: `0.3.9`
- kubeaddons-catalog: `0.1.6`
- kommander-thanos: `0.1.13`
- grafana: `4.5.1`

### Version v1.1.0-beta.0 - April 8th 2020

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
| **Minimum**        | 1.16.0  |
| **Maximum**        | 1.16.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.16.8  |

#### Features/Improvements

- Added Support for Kommander to attach the cluster it is running on as managed Cluster
- Added ability to access the managed cluster's Kubernetes API with a valid management cluster token
- Enabled License validation

> - simplify kommander's grafana dashboard job

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Simplifed kommander's grafana dashboard job
```

- Added loading indicators for cluster creation form

> - Added Cluster ID to UI for easier identification in other dashboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added Cluster ID to UI for easier identification in other dashboards
```

- Displaying users Username in the UI
- Added Cluster Overview Tab to Cluster Details Page in UI
- Added a way to add clusters to projects based on labels
- Added support for nonResourceUrls in Roles in the UI

> - Hide Kubeconfig download link for clusters where that config might not be available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Hid Kubeconfig download link for clusters where that config might not be available
```

- Improved Cluster Status Visualisation in the UI

#### Bug Fixes

> - Allow retrying deleting clusters after it failed for e.g. permission reasons

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Allow deleting clusters retry after failing. For example when there are permission issues.
```

> - federate karma-proxy only to Konvoy clusters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Federate karma-proxy only to Konvoy clusters
```

- Fixed UI not showing some error messages
- Fixed UI not allowing user to change context when attaching cluster

> - Disabled "View Logs" Link in UI for managed cluster which dont run Kibana

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Disabled "View Logs" Link in UI for managed clusters not running Kibana
```
